Update ORT to skip approved packages or those under testing (#2890)
valkey-io/valkey-glide: python/requirements.txt

> # Note: If you add a dependency here, make sure to also add it to pyproject.toml
> # This is necessary until the issue https://github.com/aboutcode-org/python-inspector/issues/197 is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: The main location for tracking dependencies is pyproject.toml. This file is used only for the ORT process. When adding a dependency, make sure to add it both to this file and to pyproject.toml. 
# Once issue https://github.com/aboutcode-org/python-inspector/issues/197 is resolved, this file can be removed.
```
